okto-juvenile-bnb/README.md, before:

# OKTO AGENTIC ASSISTANT TRADER
### Professional DeFi Execution Environment for BNB Chain & Aster

> **Status:** LIVE | **Mode:** HEADLESS | **License:** MIT

Okto is an autonomous trading agent designed to bridge the gap between High-Frequency Trading (HFT) and Decentralized Finance (DeFi). It operates as a "Headless" execution layer, enabling institutional-grade strategies like Dark Pool routing and scalp-sniping on the BNB Chain ecosystem.

---

## CORE FEATURES

### 1. Dark Pool Execution Logic
Simulates institutional "Iceberg Orders" by splitting large transactions into micro-chunks. This minimizes slippage and conceals intent from predatory MEV bots on the public mempool.

### 2. Aster Ecosystem Monitor
Real-time tracking of the Aster Protocol liquidity and $ASTER token utility, executing arbitrage between centralized volume (Binance) and decentralized liquidity.

### 3. Precision Scalping Engine
Unlike standard grid bots, Okto uses a dynamic RSI + Order Book Imbalance (OBI) logic to enter trades with high statistical probability (Scavenger Mode).

## INSTALLATION & USAGE

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-repo/okto-juvenile-bnb.git
cd okto-juvenile-bnb
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

## ARCHITECTURE

- **Core Engine:** Python 3.14
- **Connectivity:** CCXT (CEX), Web3.py (On-Chain)
- **Risk Management:** Isolated Margin, Hard-Stop Protocols

## LICENSE

MIT License. See LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

feat: implement capital rotation logic and audit reporting

okto-juvenile-bnb/README.md, after:

# OKTO AGENTIC ASSISTANT TRADER
### Professional DeFi Execution Environment for BNB Chain & Aster

> **Status:** LIVE | **Mode:** HEADLESS | **License:** MIT

Okto is an autonomous trading agent designed to bridge the gap between High-Frequency Trading (HFT) and Decentralized Finance (DeFi). It operates as a "Headless" execution layer, enabling institutional-grade strategies like Dark Pool routing and scalp-sniping on the BNB Chain ecosystem.

---

## CORE FEATURES

### 1. Dark Pool Execution Logic
Simulates institutional "Iceberg Orders" by splitting large transactions into micro-chunks. This minimizes slippage and conceals intent from predatory MEV bots on the public mempool.

### 2. Aster Ecosystem Monitor
Real-time tracking of the Aster Protocol liquidity and $ASTER token utility, executing arbitrage between centralized volume (Binance) and decentralized liquidity.

### 3. Precision Scalping Engine
Unlike standard grid bots, Okto uses a dynamic RSI + Order Book Imbalance (OBI) logic to enter trades with high statistical probability (Scavenger Mode).

## INSTALLATION & USAGE

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-repo/okto-juvenile-bnb.git
cd okto-juvenile-bnb
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

## ARCHITECTURE

- **Core Engine:** Python 3.14
- **Connectivity:** CCXT (CEX), Web3.py (On-Chain)
- **Risk Management:** Isolated Margin, Hard-Stop Protocols

## AUDIT & VERIFICATION

Proof of efficiency, including trade logs and on-chain funding verification, can be found in the [proof_of_efficiency](./proof_of_efficiency/) directory.

- [Trade Execution Audit](./proof_of_efficiency/trade_execution_audit.md)

## LICENSE

MIT License. See LICENSE file for details.
